# IAS-Assignment-4 : API

> ## Overview

1. **model.ipynb**
    - This file contains code to train and save model as pickel file.
    - It uses Decision Tree Classifier for predictions.
    - Dataset that has been considered for this model is "_Titanic - Machine Learning from Disaster_".
    - Below are the assumption that has been made for the model training:
        - The __null__ value for _Age_ and _Fare_ data has been handled by replacing it with its median value.
        - The __null__ value for _Embarked_ has been handled by replacing its mode value.
        - The data that has not been considered are _Name_, _Passenger ID_, _Ticket_, and _Cabin_ values.
        
    - This file corresponds to **Role 1 (AI Model Developer)** as this is used to train and create AI model for further references.

2. **server.py**
    - This file contains code for server and has been built using Flask framework.
    - It reads the model object using pickle library and predicts the output of the request recieved from the client side.

    - This file corresponds to **Role 3 (Deployer)** and **Role 4 (AI production platform)**. It uses Model that has been generated by Role-1. This exposes the API that uses the model file for predictions.

3. **mobileApp.py**
    - This file contains code to serve purpose for End User interaction.
    - Command line interface has been used for data input.
    - It makes an API call to server for data predictions.
    
    - This file corresponds to **Role 2 (End App developer)**, it uses the AI model for the responses as per user's point of view.